June 3:
From looking at my code and what I see with the stocks I'm looking at overall, the past year was very bullish for these stocks,
and the prices rose, which makes B&H simply really hard to beat. So, I decided to change it so that the benchmark we're looking at
is now a stock; right now I'm looking at either making it SPY or QQQ. From the data now, I get positive returns on most stocks;
however, there are. few stocks, like CRM and WIX, that our strategy does quite poorly on. I tried implementing adx (average
directional index), which helped bring our return to +30.49% and winrate to +62.24%! However, the alpha (now calculated in
comparison to our benchmark stock) was still not great. I've also realized something: In an ideal simulation, on each day the 
simulation takes a look and allocates its money to a stock. In this case, my average returns don't really mean anything 
because it's not like all of these are going on simultaneously. In the real world, sometimes the model will recognize that 
the stock just isn't good and won't buy it, and spend money on other things in its portfolio instead. Trying to get a stock 
that was going down to give positive returns every time just isn't realistic. So, tomorrow I'll try to make a change to my model to 
make it take in every single one of these stocks as potential options, and decide which position is best to hold.

June 2:
There were a few bugs in my code that I caught today. All in all, these changes actually ended up tanking my alpha as well
as my returns. Turns out I was getting better results with incorrect training, but it's good that I caught it now, so I
can probably just focus on increasing alpha now. I was worried that our average trades executed was 27.3, so I tried artificially
limiting it to 3 days before selling somethign it's bought, but that didn't really help, and brought up a new problem: it can't
sell when it wants to. So, I put in a bypass as well to help it sell whenever it drops below 7% returns, but it didn't help too 
much either. I haven't had a lot of time to work on this recently, so I'll try to push our alpha up later.

June 1:
In an effort to improve the models, I added three new features: bollinger position, rate of change, and volume acceleration.
I'm pretty sure these helped, for RFC at least, which saw positive alpha for the first time against buy & hold at +51.66%.
It also only executed 7 trades, meaning that it was more careful, with an 85.71% winrate! However, the linear Regression
model still isn't doing much. I think it's best if we just focus on the other one for now; this model seems to not work well
with our new volume features, and is throwing errors related to dividing by 0.
From this point on, I'll focus on RFC.

May 31:
I want to see why my model is underperforming. For example, it could be that it isn’t doing so well because 
it buys at the wrong time and then it goes down. Then, I could look to fix that by making it a bit harder 
to buy by cross-checking multiple models’ results together. Or, it could be that it isn’t buying at the 
right times, in which case I would have to look into another solution.
So, I added performance diagnostics to backtest_simulation. Based on results:
  - While our RFC has a winrate of 60.78%, it is executing trades way to frequently (51 executed trades)
  - Just as suspected, LinearRegression isn't trading at all, which kind of makes sense because APPL went up by a lot.
I further tested on Salesforce (CRM), a stock that went down:
  - Our RFC actually generated positive alpha now, which is good! -14.78% against -26.41% B&H
  - Linear Regression still isn't trading.
My conclusion is this: RFC trades too much (with CRM it still trades 52 times), while LinReg doesn't trade enough.
There are two main things I would like to try tomorrow:
  1. It's possible that I could try to make the two work together, and only buy if both want to.
  2. Since my training data consists of tech stocks that are rising, it's quite biased. I'll see if I can gather a wider pool

May 30:
Added feature to calculate SMA crossover instead of simply taking sma_5 and sma_20 into account.
Obviously, just considering sma_5 and sma_20 and not their relationship isn't actually a market predictor.
I thought that making my indicators better would fix the linreg model issue, but it still performed the exact
same as buy & hold.
We are still generating negative alpha with RFC, but it's +50.84% returns, which is an improvement.
I'd like to add more features to test in the upcoming days.

May 29:
Changed backtest_simulation.py to make it easier to run different tests.
Pretty sure syntax works but linear regression model performs exactly
the same as buy & hold, so that's probably something I'll have to investigate later.
Tomorrow I would like to test out different indicators, perhaps make another Jupyter notebook.

May 28:
Journal Created.
Created first backtest machine using RandomForestClassifier.
Tested AAPL stock with training data MSFT, GOOGL, NVDA & experienced +38.42% returns
Actually generated negative alpha, as buy-and-hold would've generated around ~50% returns
To make future backtesting and tweaking easier, we would like to make our backtest-simulation
much more object oriented by abstracting the model.